[docs] Core docs refactor (#23216)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/ray-core/objects.rst

.. _objects-in-ray:

Objects
=======

> In Ray, we can create and compute on objects. We refer to these objects as **remote objects**, and we use **object refs** to refer to them. Remote objects are stored in `shared-memory <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shared_memory>`__ **object stores**, and there is one object store per node in the cluster. In the cluster setting, we may not actually know which machine each object lives on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Ray, tasks and actors create and compute on objects. We refer to these objects as **remote objects** because they can be stored anywhere in a Ray cluster, and we use **object refs** to refer to them. Remote objects are cached in Ray's distributed `shared-memory <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shared_memory>`__ **object store**, and there is one object store per node in the cluster. In the cluster setting, a remote object can live on one or many nodes, independent of who holds the object ref(s).
```

> An **object ref** is essentially a unique ID that can be used to refer to a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An **object ref** is essentially a pointer or a unique ID that can be used to refer to a
```

> remote object. If you're familiar with futures, our object refs are conceptually

Reviewer: ```suggestion
remote object without seeing its value. If you're familiar with futures, Ray object refs are conceptually
```

similar.

> Object refs can be created in multiple ways.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Object refs can be created in two ways.
```

  1. They are returned by remote function calls.
  2. They are returned by ``put`` (:ref:`docstring <ray-put-ref>`).

.. tabbed:: Python

  .. code-block:: python

    # Put an object in Ray's object store.

>     y = 1

Reviewer 2: same here. do we want to have such pseudo-examples? if not, literalinclude and test them.
